maybe if I rub these mystery vinyls
before opening them I'll get the figures
I want that's a thing right
well hello there fellow man was the
names Theodore Theodore task and welcome
back to unboxed with loot crate the show
where I open things and see what's
inside today I'm unboxing for heroes of
the storm mystery vinyls for those of
you unfamiliar with heroes of the storm
it's a MOBA featuring characters from
across all of blizzards games from
Starcraft Warcraft to Diablo or to even
some of the early games like the Lost
Vikings it's like a buffet of sardines
and the menu keeps getting bigger now
don't forget to stick around at the very
end because I'm going to tell you how
you go in a free 3 month subscription to
look quick don't worry mammals theater
always has your back our first mystery
vinyl appears to be Jim Raynor from
blizzard Starcraft franchise he appears
to be wearing his marine suit to attract
the ladies in his armed with a gauss
rifle to shoot down any competition he
probably won't even have to though
because just look at that face that's a
face that says to the nearest mammal you
really think you have a chance against
me wait I'm the nearest mammal Jimmy
Jimmy are you saying I have no chance
with the legatees ah next up we have
another starcraft character Sarah
Kerrigan also known as the queen of
blades she's in her Zerg form here and
to be honest I'm having a lot trouble
trying to describe her expression she
kind of looks like she's in a
threatening slash attack pose but her
face is telling rawr rawr she's either
really tired or super lazy okay Kerrigan
off to bed with you next up we have
another starcraft character Nova Terra
what I can rig this unboxing I've never
even heard of EV I just got lucky being
a huge starcraft band and all believe me
Theodore likes a good mystery in fact
grandma's making mystery stew tonight oh
I can't I can't wait to taste it oh it's
gonna be so good
predictable oh oh go back to nova here
was the storm is probably one of her
biggest games yet ever since starcraft
ghost fell off the radar she's wearing
the standard ghost suit which allows her
to cloak from enemies and is armed with
a sniper rifle you'll also notice she
has a wink on her face so she's most
likely winking at me as long as Jim
Rainer's left the building I might
actually have a chance what no no
where'd you go come back to me what oh
no no no and finally our last mystery
vinyl is another starcraft character a
clocked version of nova oh man what a
coincidence right I mean this the
probability is just so unlikely for
starcraft characters in a row luckily
ass walrus in the world that's all I
have to say about this phenomenon so the
only difference with this vinyl is that
Nova's now transparent with the
exception of the glow is coming from her
suit she still has her sniper rifle in
hand in the wink she likes to tease you
with haha damn you Nova damn you well
thanks for watching fellow mammals for a
chance at winning this week's free 3
month subscription to loot crate if you
could turn invisible what's the first
non perverted thing you do I'd sneak a
late-night fish from the fridge no one
would ever know actually they would I'm
the only one that lives in the house
besides my grandma she'll know your kind
ah Nova was my speech that boring now if
you haven't already makes you like this
video and blast the subscribe button
with your sniper cloak and head on over
to my video gaming channel for a
surprise visit and then send a link to
luke rates direction and visit their
website since they love you so much now
if you'll excuse me I need to go
eliminate Jimmy down here so i can ask
Nova's hand in marriage I don't need to
get to know her it's that wink I tell
you I just trust it there's something
about it for girl links to you you just
gotta go for it yeah go
just good now grandma why are you
winking at me I don't want to marry you
help help me